Detective Mina Jensen had spent her entire career in the force, but she was always tucked away in her office, reading old journals and transcribing interviews with women who'd come to her for help. She loved nothing more than pouring over old newspapers and poring over books on ancient history as they related to cases she had been called upon to investigate.

It was a rainy afternoon in January of 1926, when Mina stepped out onto Halsted Street, the street where the famous jazz clubs were located. The sound of beating drums could be heard from blocks away, but no one seemed fazed by it - it was just another Friday evening with a busy night ahead.

She started down the cobbled street and saw an elderly woman in a black hat sitting on the edge of one of the side streets, staring at something hidden behind her sleeve. Mina felt drawn to her as she turned around, but couldn't see why she had attracted so much attention from passersby.

The woman in question was struggling with an envelope tucked into the folds of her dress. Her name was Jessica Malinowski and this wasn't the first time Mina had seen her about town, but she had never seemed to fit within anyone's framework for what a woman should be like.

Mina approached Jessica with a friendly smile, asking if she could help out in any way. The lady shook off her hand without acknowledging Mina and continued walking down the street as though nothing was happening. Mina felt nervous - this wasn't something that usually happened to her when she met someone new on the streets of Chicago's legendary jazz scene, but for some reason it did now, and a fearsome twinge struck in her stomach.

The next few weeks were a blur of interviews with locals about jazz clubs - the type that show up to play at nightclubs where things are taking place when no one is watching on the streets outside - as well as tracking down time travelers and dodging police detectives who had been assigned to track her down.

Mina's bosses were constantly worrying about why she wasn't showing up for work, but Mina was too focused on solving the mysteries of Chicago in the mid-1920s to be distracted by fear or anger. Her lunch break was spent poring over old texts and journals - finally settling upon a fragment of history that had been obscure until now.

She figured out that a group called "The Society for Time Travel" had taken up residence in Chicago's city limits, making them the subject of most of the attention on the streets. She also found some old newspaper clippings about time travelers and their attempts to use it to alter history or steer human events toward desirable outcomes - but nothing that was related specifically about a society which would have been mentioned in any public conversation within sight.

Mina's quest took her through jazz clubs, courting locations of science fiction movies with the hopes of discovering clues as to who these people were and what their motives were for creating an elusive organization. She also spent a lot of time chasing down leads from time travelers herself - but every lead ended up taking her in circles or leading nowhere.

The only direct approach that seemed to have any significance was with the man named "George," who had been brought to Mina's attention on one of Jessica Malinowski's visits through time. George had come from the future and was there on a mission - which he informed her about - but Mina couldn't figure out if it meant that he planned to help her solve the mystery or if something else was involved here.

Mina continued with every lead she could find, turning up threads that led in circles again and again. One night, while running through a dense fog of smoke from one jazz club to another - all the while missing Mina's footsteps behind her - she stumbled upon what she thought was an alleyway between two buildings on Halsted Street.

It turned out to be something called "The Society of Time Travel," which led her straight into a meeting with George, and then right back down the same path. There were no interviews or questions asked that evening - Mina had made it perfectly clear what she was up to by walking directly into one place without any notice.

But something inexplicable happened at a certain point when they started talking; Jessica Malinowski, who had been born many decades ago and was the supposed spokesperson for the society, suddenly stopped speaking altogether - leaving Mina with no way of knowing where she'd come from or why she wasn't saying anything.

Mina didn't really care about any of that at all though; what mattered to her most was getting closer to George and finally learning something more about this mysterious group and their goals for time travel, regardless if it meant facing off with the man who had once been from her future.