Detective Eve Ryan had never worked a case quite like this one. There was something about the case that intrigued her, and as she delved deeper into the investigation, it became apparent that it wasn't going to be an ordinary matter. The lies were thick on all sides of the "speakea," and Eve knew immediately who to call for a heads-up.
"Is there any indication in this place that tells me where she [the time traveler] came from?" She asked the detective supervising her case, Mr. Santoro. He shrugged his shoulders and responded with, "Just look at her." With that assurance settled, Eve walked down the crowded street of Halsted to investigate further into what was going on in this small seaside town of Chicago.
The house on 17th street caught her eye from afar. It was a modest two-story wooden building with white trim and flowers blooming outside the doorway, indicating some type of activity taking place inside the frame. Eve's heart began to race as she drew nearer to find out what was going on in this house that looked like it had been abandoned for years.
Eve entered through a low porch made from old railroad ties and creaking wood, and was greeted by an elderly woman sitting at her kitchen table with a knife firmly held in her hand. "Excuse me miss," the woman said in a small voice as Eve walked up to the screen door of the backyard house.
"Can I help you?" Eve asked, stepping forward on tiptoe and keeping a respectable distance between them as she scrutinized her surroundings for any signs of hostility from this mysterious visitor. The woman kept staring at Eve with an eerie expression that made her heart race even faster.
"I'm looking to see if I can help you," Eve said, trying to sound sincere as she rubbed the brim of her fedora against the back of one hand in a sign of respect. The woman snorted and gestured for Eve to sit down at a small wooden table in front of her, holding out an empty bottle filled with liquid.
Eve took it cautiously while taking note that this time traveler did not seem to be revealing anything significant from the kitchen area of the house. However, there were some telltale signs that made Eve's suspicions about who she was begin to rise higher and further within her mind.
Eve checked her phone app for a contact list of sorts, only this one seemed disconnected or possibly not an option at all in this time period of 1920s Chicago. As she pondered the dilemma, Eve was met with another interesting sighting outside the house itself.
"Is there anyone that could take me to see Mr. [Time Traveler's] home or office?" The woman asked her in a voice that was beginning to sound more agitated than friendly. Eve blinked her eyes before looking back up at the visitor with a suspicious expression on face while taking another glance at this somewhat dubious alibi she had found herself in the company of.
Eve stood up, feeling as though she just ate into an apple pie, and went out to investigate further into what this mysterious man could be. Eve's eyes began to scan through various stairwells that lead deeper inside the house to eventually come across a small but impressively-kept library where Mr. [Time Traveler] was rumoredly said he kept all his things away from prying eyes like people did not see him for 80 years in his isolated time traveling world.
Eve quietly made her way inside the building and found herself in what she guessed to be Mr. [Time Traveler's] study where, to her surprise, there was a table set with clothes from different times that had been neatly folded into this trunk ready for such an occasion as a time traveler like Mr. [Time Traveler] came back in this point of history at 20 minutes past midnight on the calendar on January 1st.
Eve saw various records and maps from all over, indicating that Mr. [Time Traveler], being a man of few words indeed, had accumulated an impressive amount of knowledge through his travels. There were some interesting time-traveling devices scattered around the room that Eve was not sure if they could be used to change the course of history or not, and it was something she couldn't help but wonder about as she left.
Eve walked back up to Mr Santoro with another pitchfork in hand, ready for more questions from him about whatever this time traveler business might entail. Just as Eve had started to get a better understanding of the man behind these enigmatic clues and times gone by, she was once again met with an unexpected mystery.
Eve found herself stranded in this strange world, and all she could do was wait for Mr [Time Traveler] to come back before asking her next question. Meanwhile, Eve began to dig deeper into the peculiarities of this isolated existence that had been reserved exclusively for Mr [Time Traveler].
Eve's research left her awestruck with all sorts of unexplained and possible connections between the different times that she delved through, even as she came to a complete realization about what a complete mystery time travel was, it started to feel like this man might be someone else entirely.
Chapter 2: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve's patience began growing thin as the night wore down and no signs of Mr [Time Traveler] were forthcoming anytime soon. Every time she thought it was time to leave, she found herself pushed back by a new piece of information that made Eve start to think there might be another story lurking in this time-travelling world, the one where Mr. [Time Traveler] had decided on calling out for his alleged "speakea."
As the days passed, it became apparent that it wasn't just any old secret society of time travelers she was investigating anymore. She discovered that this man was not only a time traveler but also a part of some sort of underground group hidden in the darkest corners of history.
Eve traveled further into her own mind and spirit to try to find out if there were any secret connections between these strange times or where she fit into all this intricate puzzle piece that she had been asked by Mr [Time Traveler] was not supposedly interested in at the beginning of their case.
Chapter 3: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve felt like the situation between herself and Mr [Time Traveler], now revealed to be a secret society, was more complicated than she could wrap her mind around. She wanted to know what he knew about this time-travelling world, but that wasn't going to happen anytime soon.
The hours passed by with no trace of any sort of information from Mr [Time Traveler]. Eve thought it might be just as well, since she was losing her patience and going off into a state where the mystery itself began to consume every fiber in her being.
Eve felt like she'd been lost in this entire time-travelling world for years without any form of closure or understanding from Mr [Time Traveler], as if he were now looking at his pile of clues and trying to piece them together with no result. The doors shut on her one more time, leaving her still stranded in the strange world that she was supposedly going to leave.
Eve felt like a prisoner in this thought-provoking room without any way out or form of communication between herself and Mr [Time Traveler]. She became frustrated with herself for not being able to find him, despite how much she had learned and the suspicions she'd formed during her time spent here.
Chapter 4: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve began to feel like the only thing left that could save her was somehow getting this man back into her mind. With no one from Mr [Time Traveler] present, Eve's perseverance allowed her to begin digging deeper and deeper into the mysterious circumstances of why she had been stranded here for so long.
Eve started talking with herself again, carefully trying to bring Mr [Time Traveler'] back into her mind. She began going through all of the possible scenarios that could have led to him disappearing from her sight and came up with a thousand-page report on every corner of time she had explored so far.
Eve began seeing visions, photos, maps or any other type of information about this underground society that Mr [Time Traveler] belonged to. The more Eve saw and learned about him the more puzzling it became for her if all these experiences were a part of some sort of group she was meant to join.
Eve felt like there wasn't any other way out except trying everything possible, even if they didn't work. As she spent days practicing controlling the dreams in an attempt to bring Mr [Time Traveler] back into her mind, Eve discovered that this underground society had secrets unlike anything she could ever imagine.
Eve found herself drawn deeper and deeper into this intricate puzzle of a hidden world, even as she grew more and more frustrated with the limited amount of information available to her to piece it together. As if being here wasn't enough for her, Eve was now trying everything possible just so that Mr [Time Traveler] could come back into focus.
Chapter 5: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve knew deep down that this time traveling world wouldn't bring anything to the table when it came to helping her find Mr [Time Traveler], but she couldn't help but feel like if there was any way at all for him back in her mind, he would have found a way by now.
Eve tried everything possible, from speaking with ghosts and apparitions of time travelers that were around the same time as Mr [Time Traveler], to speaking with other people who had somehow gained access to this underground society or even just reading about it in books or articles online.
As Eve began investigating every detail she could find out, it became more evident how many mysteries still remained unanswered by her self-made doomsday. She soon realized that the only way for Mr [Time Traveler] to be able to return into her mind was if he were somehow connected to this society or even if they had been destined ever since their initiation from ages ago.
Eve began digging deeper and deeper, trying all she could think of. She couldn't help but feel like this group was the only thing that could possibly make sense of everything when it came to getting Mr [Time Traveler] back into her mind. Eve's heart became heavy with every passing day as she saw how little progress they were making, even though she kept pushing onwards nonetheless.
Chapter 6: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve began to think that maybe this society wasn't what it seemed at all, considering how strange and unrealistic everything around them was from the time they spent in this underground world. Eve felt like Mr [Time Traveler] might be completely lost within his own mind now, since he was apparently out of touch with reality for so many years.
Eve began to think that the only way she could find him again would involve not just a general understanding but also some kind of physical manifestation from this society or maybe even something Mr [Time Traveler] might have done to bring them back into focus. Eve tried everything possible, from pressing her self-made doomsday hard enough for all the answers that were still yet to be revealed, and she didn't give up until every last detail had been thoroughly searched out within this fantastic underground world they resided in.
Chapter 7: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
As Eve looked deeper into everything, from the history of the society itself to their current actions, she began to see just how much more than what it seemed like. The team that brought them here was nothing but an illusion or a trick meant to bring them back home, where they had been all along.
Eve felt like maybe this time traveling world wasn't about getting Mr [Time Traveler] out of her mind at all, but instead if there was something much bigger that went on behind the scenes in this underground society. Eve began to suspect that perhaps Mr [Time Traveler], who could have been one of them, had already stumbled upon some kind of very unexpected power set him free from their grasp and he simply decided to do what came naturally - traveling back into the time they spent together when he had gone through such an experience.
Chapter 8: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve couldn't help but feel like if all this happened, then maybe there was something way more significant to it than just getting Mr [Time Traveler] out of her mind. She began to see that the underground society might have been playing some kind of role in pulling off such a feat within the context, and she became determined on how she could find them and get what they had brought back into focus when they needed it most.
Eve tried everything possible until every detail was scrutinized by her self-made doomsday, but now that she finally knew exactly who or something had been pulling off such a feat within the society to make sure Mr [Time Traveler] had been extracted into their void of existence, there wasn't another way for her to find them.
As Eve began to put all the pieces together and start decoding everything that was happening in this underground world, she knew one thing: they were playing some very important role that no one else understands or knows about. But maybe with her help, they can somehow merge their powers into something more meaningful than ever before.