Detective Eve Ryan had never worked a case quite like this one. There was something about the case that intrigued her, and as she delved deeper into the investigation, it became apparent that it wasn't going to be an ordinary matter. The lies were thick on all sides of the "speakea," and Eve knew immediately who to call for a heads-up.
"Is there any indication in this place that tells me where she [the time traveler] came from?" She asked the detective supervising her case, Mr. Santoro. He shrugged his shoulders and responded with, "Just look at her." With that assurance settled, Eve walked down the crowded street of Halsted to investigate further into what was going on in this small seaside town of Chicago.
The house on 17th street caught her eye from afar. It was a modest two-story wooden building with white trim and flowers blooming outside the doorway, indicating some type of activity taking place inside the frame. Eve's heart began to race as she drew nearer to find out what was going on in this house that looked like it had been abandoned for years.
Eve entered through a low porch made from old railroad ties and creaking wood, and was greeted by an elderly woman sitting at her kitchen table with a knife firmly held in her hand. "Excuse me miss," the woman said in a small voice as Eve walked up to the screen door of the backyard house.
"Can I help you?" Eve asked, stepping forward on tiptoe and keeping a respectable distance between them as she scrutinized her surroundings for any signs of hostility from this mysterious visitor. The woman kept staring at Eve with an eerie expression that made her heart race even faster.
"I'm looking to see if I can help you," Eve said, trying to sound sincere as she rubbed the brim of her fedora against the back of one hand in a sign of respect. The woman snorted and gestured for Eve to sit down at a small wooden table in front of her, holding out an empty bottle filled with liquid.
Eve took it cautiously while taking note that this time traveler did not seem to be revealing anything significant from the kitchen area of the house. However, there were some telltale signs that made Eve's suspicions about who she was begin to rise higher and further within her mind.
Eve checked her phone app for a contact list of sorts, only this one seemed disconnected or possibly not an option at all in this time period of 1920s Chicago. As she pondered the dilemma, Eve was met with another interesting sighting outside the house itself.
"Is there anyone that could take me to see Mr. [Time Traveler's] home or office?" The woman asked her in a voice that was beginning to sound more agitated than friendly. Eve blinked her eyes before looking back up at the visitor with a suspicious expression on face while taking another glance at this somewhat dubious alibi she had found herself in the company of.
Eve stood up, feeling as though she just ate into an apple pie, and went out to investigate further into what this mysterious man could be. Eve's eyes began to scan through various stairwells that lead deeper inside the house to eventually come across a small but impressively-kept library where Mr. [Time Traveler] was rumoredly said he kept all his things away from prying eyes like people did not see him for 80 years in his isolated time traveling world.
Eve quietly made her way inside the building and found herself in what she guessed to be Mr. [Time Traveler's] study where, to her surprise, there was a table set with clothes from different times that had been neatly folded into this trunk ready for such an occasion as a time traveler like Mr. [Time Traveler] came back in this point of history at 20 minutes past midnight on the calendar on January 1st.
Eve saw various records and maps from all over, indicating that Mr. [Time Traveler], being a man of few words indeed, had accumulated an impressive amount of knowledge through his travels. There were some interesting time-traveling devices scattered around the room that Eve was not sure if they could be used to change the course of history or not, and it was something she couldn't help but wonder about as she left.
Eve walked back up to Mr Santoro with another pitchfork in hand, ready for more questions from him about whatever this time traveler business might entail. Just as Eve had started to get a better understanding of the man behind these enigmatic clues and times gone by, she was once again met with an unexpected mystery.
Eve found herself stranded in this strange world, and all she could do was wait for Mr [Time Traveler] to come back before asking her next question. Meanwhile, Eve began to dig deeper into the peculiarities of this isolated existence that had been reserved exclusively for Mr [Time Traveler].
Eve's research left her awestruck with all sorts of unexplained and possible connections between the different times that she delved through, even as she came to a complete realization about what a complete mystery time travel was, it started to feel like this man might be someone else entirely.
Chapter 2: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve's patience began growing thin as the night wore down and no signs of Mr [Time Traveler] were forthcoming anytime soon. Every time she thought it was time to leave, she found herself pushed back by a new piece of information that made Eve start to think there might be another story lurking in this time-travelling world, the one where Mr. [Time Traveler] had decided on calling out for his alleged "speakea."
As the days passed, it became apparent that it wasn't just any old secret society of time travelers she was investigating anymore. She discovered that this man was not only a time traveler but also a part of some sort of underground group hidden in the darkest corners of history.
Eve traveled further into her own mind and spirit to try to find out if there were any secret connections between these strange times or where she fit into all this intricate puzzle piece that she had been asked by Mr [Time Traveler] was not supposedly interested in at the beginning of their case.
Chapter 3: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve felt like the situation between herself and Mr [Time Traveler], now revealed to be a secret society, was more complicated than she could wrap her mind around. She wanted to know what he knew about this time-travelling world, but that wasn't going to happen anytime soon.
The hours passed by with no trace of any sort of information from Mr [Time Traveler]. Eve thought it might be just as well, since she was losing her patience and going off into a state where the mystery itself began to consume every fiber in her being.
Eve felt like she'd been lost in this entire time-travelling world for years without any form of closure or understanding from Mr [Time Traveler], as if he were now looking at his pile of clues and trying to piece them together with no result. The doors shut on her one more time, leaving her still stranded in the strange world that she was supposedly going to leave.
Eve felt like a prisoner in this thought-provoking room without any way out or form of communication between herself and Mr [Time Traveler]. She became frustrated with herself for not being able to find him, despite how much she had learned and the suspicions she'd formed during her time spent here.
Chapter 4: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve began to feel like the only thing left that could save her was somehow getting this man back into her mind. With no one from Mr [Time Traveler] present, Eve's perseverance allowed her to begin digging deeper and deeper into the mysterious circumstances of why she had been stranded here for so long.
Eve started talking with herself again, carefully trying to bring Mr [Time Traveler'] back into her mind. She began going through all of the possible scenarios that could have led to him disappearing from her sight and came up with a thousand-page report on every corner of time she had explored so far.
Eve began seeing visions, photos, maps or any other type of information about this underground society that Mr [Time Traveler] belonged to. The more Eve saw and learned about hi