Detective Eve Ryan had never worked a case quite like this one. There was something about the case that intrigued her, and as she delved deeper into the investigation, it became apparent that it wasn't going to be an ordinary matter. The lies were thick on all sides of the "speakea," and Eve knew immediately who to call for a heads-up.
"Is there any indication in this place that tells me where she [the time traveler] came from?" She asked the detective supervising her case, Mr. Santoro. He shrugged his shoulders and responded with, "Just look at her." With that assurance settled, Eve walked down the crowded street of Halsted to investigate further into what was going on in this small seaside town of Chicago.
The house on 17th street caught her eye from afar. It was a modest two-story wooden building with white trim and flowers blooming outside the doorway, indicating some type of activity taking place inside the frame. Eve's heart began to race as she drew nearer to find out what was going on in this house that looked like it had been abandoned for years.
Eve entered through a low porch made from old railroad ties and creaking wood, and was greeted by an elderly woman sitting at her kitchen table with a knife firmly held in her hand. "Excuse me miss," the woman said in a small voice as Eve walked up to the screen door of the backyard house.
"Can I help you?" Eve asked, stepping forward on tiptoe and keeping a respectable distance between them as she scrutinized her surroundings for any signs of hostility from this mysterious visitor. The woman kept staring at Eve with an eerie expression that made her heart race even faster.
"I'm looking to see if I can help you," Eve said, trying to sound sincere as she rubbed the brim of her fedora against the back of one hand in a sign of respect. The woman snorted and gestured for Eve to sit down at a small wooden table in front of her, holding out an empty bottle filled with liquid.
Eve took it cautiously while taking note that this time traveler did not seem to be revealing anything significant from the kitchen area of the house. However, there were some telltale signs that made Eve's suspicions about who she was begin to rise higher and further within her mind.
Eve checked her phone app for a contact list of sorts, only this one seemed disconnected or possibly not an option at all in this time period of 1920s Chicago. As she pondered the dilemma, Eve was met with another interesting sighting outside the house itself.
"Is there anyone that could take me to see Mr. [Time Traveler's] home or office?" The woman asked her in a voice that was beginning to sound more agitated than friendly. Eve blinked her eyes before looking back up at the visitor with a suspicious expression on face while taking another glance at this somewhat dubious alibi she had found herself in the company of.
Eve stood up, feeling as though she just ate into an apple pie, and went out to investigate further into what this mysterious man could be. Eve's eyes began to scan through various stairwells that lead deeper inside the house to eventually come across a small but impressively-kept library where Mr. [Time Traveler] was rumoredly said he kept all his things away from prying eyes like people did not see him for 80 years in his isolated time traveling world.
Eve quietly made her way inside the building and found herself in what she guessed to be Mr. [Time Traveler's] study where, to her surprise, there was a table set with clothes from different times that had been neatly folded into this trunk ready for such an occasion as a time traveler like Mr. [Time Traveler] came back in this point of history at 20 minutes past midnight on the calendar on January 1st.
Eve saw various records and maps from all over, indicating that Mr. [Time Traveler], being a man of few words indeed, had accumulated an impressive amount of knowledge through his travels. There were some interesting time-traveling devices scattered around the room that Eve was not sure if they could be used to change the course of history or not, and it was something she couldn't help but wonder about as she left.
Eve walked back up to Mr Santoro with another pitchfork in hand, ready for more questions from him about whatever this time traveler business might entail. Just as Eve had started to get a better understanding of the man behind these enigmatic clues and times gone by, she was once again met with an unexpected mystery.
Eve found herself stranded in this strange world, and all she could do was wait for Mr [Time Traveler] to come back before asking her next question. Meanwhile, Eve began to dig deeper into the peculiarities of this isolated existence that had been reserved exclusively for Mr [Time Traveler].
Eve's research left her awestruck with all sorts of unexplained and possible connections between the different times that she delved through, even as she came to a complete realization about what a complete mystery time travel was, it started to feel like this man might be someone else entirely.
Chapter 2: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve's patience began growing thin as the night wore down and no signs of Mr [Time Traveler] were forthcoming anytime soon. Every time she thought it was time to leave, she found herself pushed back by a new piece of information that made Eve start to think there might be another story lurking in this time-travelling world, the one where Mr. [Time Traveler] had decided on calling out for his alleged "speakea."
As the days passed, it became apparent that it wasn't just any old secret society of time travelers she was investigating anymore. She discovered that this man was not only a time traveler but also a part of some sort of underground group hidden in the darkest corners of history.
Eve traveled further into her own mind and spirit to try to find out if there were any secret connections between these strange times or where she fit into all this intricate puzzle piece that she had been asked by Mr [Time Traveler] was not supposedly interested in at the beginning of their case.
Chapter 3: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve felt like the situation between herself and Mr [Time Traveler], now revealed to be a secret society, was more complicated than she could wrap her mind around. She wanted to know what he knew about this time-travelling world, but that wasn't going to happen anytime soon.
The hours passed by with no trace of any sort of information from Mr [Time Traveler]. Eve thought it might be just as well, since she was losing her patience and going off into a state where the mystery itself began to consume every fiber in her being.
Eve felt like she'd been lost in this entire time-travelling world for years without any form of closure or understanding from Mr [Time Traveler], as if he were now looking at his pile of clues and trying to piece them together with no result. The doors shut on her one more time, leaving her still stranded in the strange world that she was supposedly going to leave.
Eve felt like a prisoner in this thought-provoking room without any way out or form of communication between herself and Mr [Time Traveler]. She became frustrated with herself for not being able to find him, despite how much she had learned and the suspicions she'd formed during her time spent here.
Chapter 4: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve began to feel like the only thing left that could save her was somehow getting this man back into her mind. With no one from Mr [Time Traveler] present, Eve's perseverance allowed her to begin digging deeper and deeper into the mysterious circumstances of why she had been stranded here for so long.
Eve started talking with herself again, carefully trying to bring Mr [Time Traveler'] back into her mind. She began going through all of the possible scenarios that could have led to him disappearing from her sight and came up with a thousand-page report on every corner of time she had explored so far.
Eve began seeing visions, photos, maps or any other type of information about this underground society that Mr [Time Traveler] belonged to. The more Eve saw and learned about his group's connections to the secret society beneath these strange times in the past and present, the more she felt like maybe all those times traveling dreams weren't just fantasies, but were actually realities that needed her help now.
Eve had found her inner sense of strength to continue after hours of being stranded by herself and Mr [Time Traveler]. With every detail she uncovered about this hidden society hiding in the darkest parts of history, Eve was determined to keep moving forward even when it felt like everything was too much.
Chapter 5: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
The group in Mr [Time Traveler's] secret society consisted of some amazing people with unique skills and knowledge about the past that were important for understanding this underground world where time travelers moved through strange and dangerous territories. Eve realized something fascinating during her digging. The team she had been helping was composed entirely by women who had been involved in historical events long before her time, as if they weren't even aware of their appearance or presence in the secret society that Mr [Time Traveler] belonged to.
Eve discovered some of them were partisans, trying to stop the Nazi invasion during WWII by using their skills and resources. She noticed that all these people had connections with her during the investigation she did for Mr [Time Traveler].
Chapter 6: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve realized everything was connected to her because of something unique about this society called for the establishment of one such group that showed remarkable ability to travel through space and time. Eve's discovery made her feel like she might be able to join in and prove how amazing she is at gathering information from these elusive people who were involved in a place of trying to stop another invasion from success, which according the details given by Mr [Time Traveler] would have been the future.
Eve was not only interested but could be part of this secret society that might prove helpful for any kind of investigation; even as she looked closer at what they called themselves in their secret organization to save humanity from destruction. Eve's belief that maybe this time traveler knew something about her because he had been pursuing the same goal, to ensure humanity won't face an attack against itself, was wrong.
Even though she knew that Mr [Time Traveler] was right and it wasn't about saving humans from destruction but a secret society purpose of stopping another invasion for which they needed her help in gathering information to stop the aliens from having access to a weaponized version of time travel technology. Eve thought there were so many possibilities that she wasn't aware of, yet the group within his secret society might be able to solve it with only one man alone who knew all about their existence and whereabouts.
Chapter 7: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve realized that she could join this secret society despite her feelings of being in a strange place and didn't want the fact that Mr [Time Traveler] had been saving humanity from destruction to be buried forever. She found some knowledge worth supporting such an opportunity but remained skeptical about joining at first as there were few other details she knew with which it might be of interest besides her wishful thinking.
Eve realized the limitations that existed between herself and Mr [Time Traveler] based on their past encounters, where he wasn't as outgoing or in-the-zone to help her alongside the society's search for another attack against humanity from a spacefaring alien force. Eve would be relentless about what she could give as well as others who might have joined and shared their thoughts on Mr [Time Traveler], even though she wasn't ready for that kind of help just yet, despite the fact that he gave her some inside information concerning this secret society in his secret society.
Eve realized how much personal assistance could work not only because of the possible connections between herself and Mr [Time Traveler] but also between other members within his own elite team who possessed extensive knowledge about humanity's upcoming future. Eve got to know these people too, thanks to her being on this group's side. She helped them understand that they were working towards a collective goal in their secret society and was already sharing all the necessary information with them at any given moment when she needed their help.
Eve had discovered so much more than what she'd initially thought about these fascinating historical events, some of which made her feel like an intruder but others that found a way to solidify connections that didn't seem obvious yet. Eve began trusting people who were partisans in the effort against invasion from another dimension due to their support and recognition by Mr [Time Traveler]. She was able to gather essential details of the society, including its mission statement, general structure for possible future direction, and what people's roles should be.
Chapter 8: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve began to understand that she wasn't alone in her support of Mr [Time Traveler], noting that he had communicated with her through the kindred spirits whom she met within the elite team, which was formed due to their passion for saving humanity from destruction. Eve felt glad they were trying this way out to avoid invasion from another dimension and enjoyed helping them understand their goal. She didn't have a doubt in her mind that they would succeed after the successful mission against invasion.
Eve continued supporting Mr [Time Traveler], joining forces with him, becoming an integral part of his team of people who had potential contributions to make and had joined due to his being one step ahead on the secret society's initiative about humanity's future in order not only to stop the invasion but also preventing it altogether. Eve was confident that they would succeed as long as Mr [Time Traveler] believed there is no evil force threatening their defense against any invasion, which according to his belief he wouldn't have done if there wasn't a true need for it.
Chapter 9: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve felt grateful that Mr [Time Traveler] had encouraged her along this team and even though she understood why they were doing what they did, Eve found herself once more feeling like part of a group rather than as an outsider to their secret society. She realized the importance of being involved not just for joining it, but also because Mr [Time Traveler] provided her with knowledge that could help them understand where and when this invasion is going to happen.
Eve was able to gather detailed information about potential dangers surrounding the new location and how they might defend their bases against the invasion if such a thing happens. Eve didn't mind as there were resources available, which would prevent her from moving out of sight in case she could avoid joining for now, but if things get uncomfortable for Mr [Time Traveler], she found herself ready to come back home and be more helpful to him since he was the one who believed in saving humanity's future.
Chapter 10: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve realized that her interest in joining with this secret society didn't only mean some form of a handy connection or an opportunity but also became valuable help to Mr [Time Traveler]. She still reminded him of the significance and importance of their shared goal as it gave them more time to prepare, and she was always available if he needed her. Eve took her partisanship in this mission very seriously because it wouldn't have made any sense for them to just stay home while they received all the necessary information about events that led up to what they were doing in the first place.
Eve realized the importance of knowing how long Mr [Time Traveler] expected them not only with time and resources but also their specific roles within this secret society's plan for saving humanity from destruction due to invaders from another dimension. Eve found herself more than ready to come back home, being an integral part of their efforts because they were indeed a means for the end goal while supporting Mr [Time Traveler] along the same way he wanted her joining.
Eve started feeling like she wasn't alone in this quest and began hoping that there was someone else who would be able to understand what she was feeling, why it's important, and how valuable information can help people make a positive impact on the world they live in. She made sure Mr [Time Traveler] was aware of what they were doing so he understood everything could work out in their favor if there is an invading force that might ruin humanity's future once again for his sake and hope to share some useful insights with him later.
Chapter 11: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve felt like she was part of something much bigger than herself, working together towards the same goal of saving humanity from destruction by preventing an invasion againt them from another dimension. Eve believed that everyone could contribute a little bit to save humanity's future as it would only come through their efforts and cooperation with those who are passionate about what they do.
Eve appreciated Mr [Time Traveler] for being open, accommodating, friendly towards her efforts and supporting them regardless of whether or not they existed in her opinion. Eve was partisan to this mission because of the significance that people had in their secret society's intentions regarding humanity and as a means to prevent an attack from success while she believed him more than anything else.