Detective Eve Ryan had never worked a case quite like this one. There was something about the case that intrigued her, and as she delved deeper into the investigation, it became apparent that it wasn't going to be an ordinary matter. The lies were thick on all sides of the "speakea," and Eve knew immediately who to call for a heads-up.
"Is there any indication in this place that tells me where she [the time traveler] came from?" She asked the detective supervising her case, Mr. Santoro. He shrugged his shoulders and responded with, "Just look at her." With that assurance settled, Eve walked down the crowded street of Halsted to investigate further into what was going on in this small seaside town of Chicago.
The house on 17th street caught her eye from afar. It was a modest two-story wooden building with white trim and flowers blooming outside the doorway, indicating some type of activity taking place inside the frame. Eve's heart began to race as she drew nearer to find out what was going on in this house that looked like it had been abandoned for years.
Eve entered through a low porch made from old railroad ties and creaking wood, and was greeted by an elderly woman sitting at her kitchen table with a knife firmly held in her hand. "Excuse me miss," the woman said in a small voice as Eve walked up to the screen door of the backyard house.
"Can I help you?" Eve asked, stepping forward on tiptoe and keeping a respectable distance between them as she scrutinized her surroundings for any signs of hostility from this mysterious visitor. The woman kept staring at Eve with an eerie expression that made her heart race even faster.
"I'm looking to see if I can help you," Eve said, trying to sound sincere as she rubbed the brim of her fedora against the back of one hand in a sign of respect. The woman snorted and gestured for Eve to sit down at a small wooden table in front of her, holding out an empty bottle filled with liquid.
Eve took it cautiously while taking note that this time traveler did not seem to be revealing anything significant from the kitchen area of the house. However, there were some telltale signs that made Eve's suspicions about who she was begin to rise higher and further within her mind.
Eve checked her phone app for a contact list of sorts, only this one seemed disconnected or possibly not an option at all in this time period of 1920s Chicago. As she pondered the dilemma, Eve was met with another interesting sighting outside the house itself.
"Is there anyone that could take me to see Mr. [Time Traveler's] home or office?" The woman asked her in a voice that was beginning to sound more agitated than friendly. Eve blinked her eyes before looking back up at the visitor with a suspicious expression on face while taking another glance at this somewhat dubious alibi she had found herself in the company of.
Eve stood up, feeling as though she just ate into an apple pie, and went out to investigate further into what this mysterious man could be. Eve's eyes began to scan through various stairwells that lead deeper inside the house to eventually come across a small but impressively-kept library where Mr. [Time Traveler] was rumoredly said he kept all his things away from prying eyes like people did not see him for 80 years in his isolated time traveling world.
Eve quietly made her way inside the building and found herself in what she guessed to be Mr. [Time Traveler's] study where, to her surprise, there was a table set with clothes from different times that had been neatly folded into this trunk ready for such an occasion as a time traveler like Mr. [Time Traveler] came back in this point of history at 20 minutes past midnight on the calendar on January 1st.
Eve saw various records and maps from all over, indicating that Mr. [Time Traveler], being a man of few words indeed, had accumulated an impressive amount of knowledge through his travels. There were some interesting time-traveling devices scattered around the room that Eve was not sure if they could be used to change the course of history or not, and it was something she couldn't help but wonder about as she left.
Eve walked back up to Mr Santoro with another pitchfork in hand, ready for more questions from him about whatever this time traveler business might entail. Just as Eve had started to get a better understanding of the man behind these enigmatic clues and times gone by, she was once again met with an unexpected mystery.
Eve found herself stranded in this strange world, and all she could do was wait for Mr [Time Traveler] to come back before asking her next question. Meanwhile, Eve began to dig deeper into the peculiarities of this isolated existence that had been reserved exclusively for Mr [Time Traveler].
Eve's research left her awestruck with all sorts of unexplained and possible connections between the different times that she delved through, even as she came to a complete realization about what a complete mystery time travel was, it started to feel like this man might be someone else entirely.
Chapter 2: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve's patience began growing thin as the night wore down and no signs of Mr [Time Traveler] were forthcoming anytime soon. Every time she thought it was time to leave, she found herself pushed back by a new piece of information that made Eve start to think there might be another story lurking in this time-travelling world, the one where Mr. [Time Traveler] had decided on calling out for his alleged "speakea."
As the days passed, it became apparent that it wasn't just any old secret society of time travelers she was investigating anymore. She discovered that this man was not only a time traveler but also a part of some sort of underground group hidden in the darkest corners of history.
Eve traveled further into her own mind and spirit to try to find out if there were any secret connections between these strange times or where she fit into all this intricate puzzle piece that she had been asked by Mr [Time Traveler] was not supposedly interested in at the beginning of their case.
Chapter 3: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve felt like the situation between herself and Mr [Time Traveler], now revealed to be a secret society, was more complicated than she could wrap her mind around. She wanted to know what he knew about this time-travelling world, but that wasn't going to happen anytime soon.
The hours passed by with no trace of any sort of information from Mr [Time Traveler]. Eve thought it might be just as well, since she was losing her patience and going off into a state where the mystery itself began to consume every fiber in her being.
Eve felt like she'd been lost in this entire time-travelling world for years without any form of closure or understanding from Mr [Time Traveler], as if he were now looking at his pile of clues and trying to piece them together with no result. The doors shut on her one more time, leaving her still stranded in the strange world that she was supposedly going to leave.
Eve felt like a prisoner in this thought-provoking room without any way out or form of communication between herself and Mr [Time Traveler]. She became frustrated with herself for not being able to find him, despite how much she had learned and the suspicions she'd formed during her time spent here.
Chapter 4: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve began to feel like the only thing left that could save her was somehow getting this man back into her mind. With no one from Mr [Time Traveler] present, Eve's perseverance allowed her to begin digging deeper and deeper into the mysterious circumstances of why she had been stranded here for so long.
Eve started talking with herself again, carefully trying to bring Mr [Time Traveler'] back into her mind. She began going through all of the possible scenarios that could have led to him disappearing from her sight and came up with a thousand-page report on every corner of time she had explored so far.
Eve began seeing visions, photos, maps or any other type of information about this underground society that Mr [Time Traveler] belonged to. The more Eve saw and learned about what the secret group did in their hidden room like in a super-secret organization from World War II or something else, she came to the conclusion that they were doing all sorts of things not known by humans out there on this planet.
Eve started calling for Mr [Time Traveler], seeing visions and conversations with him, and even questioning his intentions in bringing her here in the first place. Eve's feelings started to backfire as she felt herself losing more and more of Mr [Time Traveler] himself, along with any trace or connection between them.
Eve began a desperate search for Mr [Time Traveler], knowing how difficult this mission would be from his position in the hidden society that was actually being seen by her here in this strange world where she had no access to communication or information. Eve trailed after him for hours, unable to shake off the thoughts and doubts about who he really is, only stopping at times when it felt like all hope had been lost.
Chapter 5: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve spent days in this time-travelling world of mystery. She gathered all sorts of information she could get her hands on about the supernatural, secret societies and their purposes that she would never be able to share with anyone or explain to anybody ever again.
As Eve became closer with Mr [Time Traveler], who now came back in front of her more as a person than anything else, they started talking and connecting even though he was not seen by her anymore. This conversation revealed how much the group controlled each other, especially his sister that seemed to be following along with their daily routines.
The visions Eve had were telling her everything she needed to know about who they were as a secret society and why Mr [Time Traveler] had brought them here in the first place; he was thinking of an ulterior motive that may have been more sinister than anything else could ever be imagined.
Eve's thoughts began to morph, she started seeing all sorts of things and ideas that she wouldn't have let her past self hear a word about. This made Eve feel like maybe the whole situation was not as straightforward as it seemed and perhaps there was more to what Mr [Time Traveler] had wanted than he initially thought.
Chapter 6: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve became convinced that the supernatural and secret societies were just a part of her world, but now she began to understand how each person in this world has their own separate motives for joining these groups or being members themselves. Eve's heart was pounding as she wondered who else would have been drawn into this group by Mr [Time Traveler], and if they could now be brought back here, but she had to remain strong enough that no one could ever hurt her again.
Eve began gathering more information from the society, even if it wasn't entirely trustworthy at first. She was on a mission to find some answers or clues about what Mr [Time Traveler] meant when he said they were "doing something big" before disappearing into thin air. Eve became curious enough and felt the group knew more than it showed, until she started finding herself outsmarted with each new piece of information.
As Eve realized she was never really sure who to trust, or even whether anyone in this world could be trusted at all, her intuition told her that there might be something sinister at work behind the scenes. This realization made a difference for Eve since she felt like not everyone else could be taken into an unknown situation that made it impossible for them to know what they were up against.
Chapter 7: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve realized there might just be one more piece of the puzzle, and even if she tried finding Mr [Time Traveler], he had already been gone from this world for a long time before her arrival. Eve searched everything to unravel every detail about what was happening here in this secret society that brought them together, hoping not to lose any more valuable pieces of information.
Eve started getting answers by talking directly with Mr [Time Traveler], revealing he had already been gone from their world for a long time before they made it out alive. Eve's journey was far from over and she knew that things could only get worse, but the secret society that had brought them here wasn't going to give up without trying to protect her again.
Eve started seeing even stranger occurrences that seemed like impossible events for any normal person, and there were still more questions about what Mr [Time Traveler] meant in his initial words before disappearing into thin air. Eve was at a loss of the extent she could trust anyone but herself as the only one left to pick up where Mr [Time Traveler] had stopped as well.
Chapter 8: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve's instincts told her that there wasn't going to be any easy way out of this group, and she knew it would take a lot more than anything else they could possibly do to convince these people from this secret society. But even if Eve had to accept the consequences for being here when everything she thought was true turned out as false as they did, Eve felt like there might be some solid connections that led back to where she came from in her past life and the events of Mr [Time Traveler].
Eve began gathering every bit of information from all sources possible about what Mr [Time Traveler] meant when he said this society would bring them together, even if it was only temporary. Eve's thinking about the group slowly changed into just another thing that could be easily taken out of her life or she could decide to do something about it for once.
Eve realized that there wasn't going to be any way out of this secret society and she began looking for a different pathway with help from Dr [Time Traveler], who suddenly appeared in front of Eve, seemingly all smiles but the same sinister feeling like before.
