 going to happen anytime soon.
The hours passed by with no trace of any sort of information from Mr [Time Traveler]. Eve thought it might be just as well, since she was losing her patience and going off into a state where the mystery itself began to consume every fiber in her being.
Eve felt like she'd been lost in this entire time-travelling world for years without any form of closure or understanding from Mr [Time Traveler], as if he were now looking at his pile of clues and trying to piece them together with no result. The doors shut on her one more time, leaving her still stranded in the strange world that she was supposedly going to leave.
Eve felt like a prisoner in this thought-provoking room without any way out or form of communication between herself and Mr [Time Traveler]. She became frustrated with herself for not being able to find him, despite how much she had learned and the suspicions she'd formed during her time spent here.
Chapter 4: The Giant Join on Halsted Street</s>
Eve began to feel like the only thing left that could save her was somehow getting this man back into her mind. With no one from Mr [Time Traveler] present, Eve's perseverance allowed her to begin digging deeper and deeper into the mysterious circumstances of why she had been stranded here for so long.
Eve started talking with herself again, carefully trying to bring Mr [Time Traveler'] back into her mind. She began going through all of the possible scenarios that could have led to him disappearing from her sight and came up with a thousand-page report on every corner of time she had explored so far.
Eve began seeing visions, photos, maps or any other type of information about this underground society that Mr [Time Traveler] belonged to. The more Eve saw and learned about his group's connections to the secret society beneath these strange times in the past and present, the more she felt like maybe all those times traveling dreams weren't just fantasies, but were actually realities that needed her help now.
Eve had found her inner sense of strength to continue after hours of being stranded by herself and Mr [Time Traveler]. With every detail she